Hey how's it going guys this is Dave
Judy and I hit 20,000 subs the other day
so I guess it's not that big of a deal I
always thought I'd hit 20,000 before six
months was up so I just kind of wanted
to make this video to show off no not at
all I never thought I'd hit 20,000 subs
ever like ever ever I know it's not a
big deal to a lot of you guys especially
some of my subs who have like hundreds
of thousands of subs but this is super
cool to me I think you know okay here's
the thing YouTube has a lot of just
nasty people that find their way onto
channels and just on them it
doesn't matter if it's a popular channel
or an unpopular channel like a tech
channel a gaming channel or like beauty
vlogs whatever it is every time I look
in the comments section people have just
destroyed these communities by just
being mean and nasty and for whatever
reason the people that are in my
community you guys are just so nice and
so positive and just so supportive and
extremely passionate about tech and I
love that I I can't like it's so nice to
make content for people like you guys so
thank you so much for being who you are
because this is it makes it so much more
enjoyable and easy to create content for
people when they are nice people so
thank you so much for that
twenty thousand subs was a lot to me
yeah thank you I can't even there's no
other way to say it other than thank you
in any case there are two phones that I
want to give away now I'm not actually
giving away both the winner of this
giveaway gets to choose one of the two
phones so the two phones are one is a
Nexus sorry eight LG g4 in gray and the
other one is a Nexus 6 in white so the
winner gets to choose one of these two
now there they've been open to obviously
but they are in basically brand-new
condition I've kind of turn them on use
them for a little bit just to kind of
play with
but yeah both available now to win just
like last time you all you have to do is
write a comment in the comment section
below it could be anything something
positive something negative doesn't
matter what it is as long as you're a
subscriber you are able to win now it
doesn't matter where you live either
international as long as you can receive
mail your your entry to win now unlike
last time I'm gonna be announcing the
winner on Twitter because last contest I
think people will look confused as to
who had won and I actually had to go
track down individual winners just kind
of deal with it like that so this time
I'm gonna on June 20th I will make one
tweet
I don't tweet very often but I'll make
one tweet on June 20th to see or just to
show who the winner was and that's it so
I really appreciate all the support you
guys have given me over the past six
months and yeah this is just the
beginning there is going to be a lot
more interesting content coming out over
the next a little bit it's been nice
I'll see you guys next time